Tutorial on how to format the excel files we received from the school

Note: I used Google Sheets so commands might vary if you use Microsoft Excel, Numbers, etc.

Steps:
  1. Import the file to a blank Google Sheet
  
  2. Delete rows 1-5, so Instructor, Subject-Catalog Number, etc. become row 1
  
  3. Insert a Column to the left of the Instructor Names, and name it Unique ID
    a. Enter 1, 2, 3 respective to rows 2, 3, 4
    b. Drag this all the way down until the last class is reached
    c. This will serve as the Unique Document ID when we export the JSON to Firestore
    
  4. Select the column containing the Instructor names (Should be Column B)
    a. Go to "Data" in the menu bar
    b. Select "Split text to columns"
    Note: You should see the names split into columns by lastname firstname
    
  5. Create a new Column to the left of column B and select the first row in that column (i.e. the new Column B row 1)
    a. Select that entire column and outline each cell with all lines (top, bottom, left, and right)
    
  6. Go to the fx text entry above the Column headers
    a. Type in this: =C1&", "&D1
    b. Drag the box through all elements that contain Instructor names of column B, so the formula can be applied to every cell
    c. This will merge columns C and D, and separate them by a comma
    Note: This has the side effect of making even empty cells contain a comma. This will be fixed in later steps
    
  7. Select Column B (which contains the formula combining Columns C and D) and click Ctrl+C
    a. Click on a completely blank column (ex: column S) and border the outline of the cells (top, bottom, left, right)
    b. Click Ctrl+Shift+V
    c. This is needed because whatever is in column B doesn't contain actual values. it's Just a formula that requires Columns C and D to exist
  
  8. Now select Columns B, C, and D and delete them
    a. OPTIONAL: Move column S to column B
    b. This doesn't affect the end product when uploading to Firestore, but it does make the spreadsheet look more organized
    
  9. Now we have to remove the unneccessary commas
    a. Go to "Edit" in the menu bar
    b. Click "Find and Replace"
    c. Inside of Find put: ", " (Not including the quoation marks)
        Note: it is essential to put a space after the comma
    d. Inside Replace with: do not put anything (should be blank)
    e. Check the "Match entire cell contents" option
    f. Click "Replace all"
    e. Click Done
    
  10. Now we have to replace the empty cells in the "Instructor" column with actual names
    a. Use this tutorial: https://infoinspired.com/google-docs/spreadsheet/fill-blank-cells-with-the-values-above/
    
  11. Now download the file as a csv
  
  12. Refer to README.text for further instruction
    
    
